add guidelines and replace "Evidence" with "Argument" across the docs (#131)
polkadot-fellows/Evaluations: 0000-argument-template.md

- End date: YYYY/MM/DD

## Argument

> *Explain why your contributions in relation to the Polkadot SDK are worthy of retention/promotion. Refer to the terms in Section 6 of the [Manifesto](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/manifesto/blob/main/manifesto.pdf) and provide links to relevant content (i.e code, articles, media, etc.) to show that you are meeting all the requirements.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Explain why your contributions in relation to Polkadot are worthy of retention/promotion. Refer to the terms in Section 6 of the [Manifesto](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/manifesto/blob/main/manifesto.pdf) and provide links to relevant content (e.g. code, articles, media, etc.) to show that you are meeting all the requirements.*
```

Below are some examples on how to write an argument for:
- Retention: [Rank 1](https://collectives.subsquare.io/fellowship/referenda/289), [Rank 2](https://collectives.subsquare.io/fellowship/referenda/282), [Rank 3](https://collectives.subsquare.io/fellowship/referenda/244)
- Promotion [Rank 1](https://collectives.subsquare.io/fellowship/referenda/272), [Rank 2](https://collectives.subsquare.io/fellowship/referenda/306), [Rank 3](https://collectives.subsquare.io/fellowship/referenda/255).

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
